Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Cordon the area.
Mike! What do you think happened?
Hard to say. All we really know
is somebody shot Calvin.
You don't seriously think
it was Charmaine?
I mean. he was a career criminal.
He was in the twins' room.
- You think they're okay?
- Yeah. they're okay.
We just got some CCTV footage
of her and the boys
at a gas station a couple hours away.
so they're safe.
but they're clearly on the run.
Well. look. if there's anything I can do…
You can be honest with me…
and let me know if she reaches out.
Why wouldn't I be honest with you?
I don't know.
Hey. man. you okay?
Yeah. Just…tell me if you hear
from Charmaine. okay?
I gotta go back in.
I've left her a bunch of messages.
She's not responding.
I'm so worried about her.
She must be so scared.
Yeah. I mean. I'm worried too.
But…
at least we know the person
who's most likely to harm her
is out of the picture now.
Yeah.
That's true.
Oh!
- What?
- I forgot your food.
- Oh. It's okay.
- Sorry.
You had your hands full.
Mm…
How was your morning?
Well. this morning after you left.
my patient Marley
showed up here. um. in a panic. and. uh…
she offered us her baby.
I thought she'd already
found parents to adopt.
Yes. she had. but the couple she chose
ended up fighting and backing out.
- Wow!
- Yeah.
So what'd you say?
I mean. I told her
she needed to get some rest
and not to make a rash decision.
Sure. but you wanted to say yes
because we want a baby. right?
- We do.
- Of course.
That's a thing. but we've…
Jack. come on.
We've been through so much
to have one. and this just… It feels…
just too…
Too easy?
And unstable.
Honestly. I mean.
I don't think she thought it through…
at all. you know?
She was really upset. She was desperate.
And she doesn't even know us.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. no. I get it.
I mean. there's no rush.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
We'll just keep working with the adoption
agency to find the right match.
- Yeah.
- Plus. that'll…
give us some time to…
focus on being newlyweds. right?
Yeah.
Which I'm very much looking forward to.
So am I.
Good. Then get dressed.
- Wait!
- I got a surprise.
But…
I planned this months ago
when I realized we couldn't go
on our honeymoon right away.
Ah. well. I have some thoughts
on where we should go.
- Oh! You do?
- When we go there. Yes. I do.
- Well. so do I. actually.
- Really?
Yeah. maybe we should say
what we're both thinking on three.
- Okay.
- You ready?
- Yep. Mmm-hmm.
- One.
- Two. Three.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Hawaii.
- Italy!
- Oh wow.
- Oh no.
- Those are so not the same place.
- No!
Well. I was thinking
someplace. like. beachy.
- Hawaii?
- Clothing optional.
Well. I get it. but I was thinking.
you know. romantic. old-world cities.
Clothing also optional.
All right. That's…
You're gonna have to convince me. though.
Oh. challenge accepted.
But. before we pick
our honeymoon destination…
we're here.
What is this?
Just a reminder
that there's no place like home.
I mean. come on. we had to do
something epic to celebrate.
But we just got married. Yesterday. What…
What else could we
possibly be celebrating?
- The first day of the rest of our lives.
- Aww.
- We couldn't do that on the ground?
- Nope!
- Oh my God.
- Yes!
No!
♪ If I get too close ♪
♪ And I'm not how you hoped ♪
♪ Forgive my northern attitude ♪
♪ Oh. I was raised out in the cold ♪
♪ If the sun don't rise ♪
♪ Till the summertime ♪
♪ Forgive my northern attitude ♪
♪ Oh. I was raised on little light ♪
So what does a state medical board
investigation consist of?
Well. mostly bullshit.
- Doc Mullins!
- Hey. I just… Sue me. I'm pissed.
I know. honey. We all are.
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
Oh. don't apologize. Mel.
I'm sorry you had to come in.
I mean. you should be
basking in the afterglow of your wedding.
Well. I am. But I'm happy to be here now.
Uh. what did I miss?
So. this board will be looking
at the events surrounding the house call
that saved Henry's life.
But how they do it. it's up to them.
And we have no idea
how long it's gonna take.
In the meantime.
you can't see any patients at all?
We looked into an emergency hearing
to see if we could speed this up.
Yeah. my lawyer said. "No. we won't have
enough time to prepare your defense
if we force the medical board's hand."
I don't understand
why Grace Valley is coming after you
for saving a man's life.
Hope and I did a little digging.
Turns out that quack. Dr. Hayes.
is using this to expand the Grace Valley
network into Virgin River.
Which is why they're trying
to get you out of the picture.
Yep.
How can we help?
Well. first. you can focus
on your treatment and getting better.
And we're gonna see what I can do
on a civic level to stop this.
Thank you. Mel. uh…
I'm gonna need you
to cover for me with our patients.
You don't think
we should bring in another doctor?
No. No. you're licensed
to do the majority of what I do here
on a day-to-day basis.
Plus. no one I trust
more than you to do it.
Thank you. That means a lot.
Look. I have a consult
with Marley in a few.
so can we go over the rest of this after?
- Yeah. Okay.
- Yeah. I'm gonna go.
Thanks.
♪ When the moon hits your eye
Like a big pizza pie. that's amore ♪
Thank you for this awesome oven.
This is perfect.
I convinced Mel we should go to Italy.
Why does she need convincing?
She wants to just lay on a beach.
I want our honeymoon
to be an epic romantic adventure!
Of course you do.
That is very on-brand for Jack Sheridan.
I mean. you built the woman
her dream home already.
It's not done yet.
Uh…
- Oh.
- This isn't done either.
- Chef.
- You want me to try again?
- Yes.
- You got time?
- Oh. I do.
- Okay.
This distraction is helping.
Distraction? From what?
Mike figured out
what happened with me and Brady.
Ooh.
Well. how'd he find out?
I don't know.
I felt so guilty. I was too afraid to ask.
Maybe that's why he was…
a little weird with me yesterday.
- So did he end it?
- No.
He proposed.
What?
Yeah. he said he could forgive me
if I just chose him once and for all.
But I don't know.
It felt like some sort of quid pro quo.
- Yeah. but that doesn't sound like Mike.
- No. I know.
And I think he was just saying. you know.
he would love me no matter what
if I could just commit
to loving him the same way.
I want to.
I just told him I needed time to think.
Take it.
It's a huge decision.
I mean. even under normal circumstances.
Is that your sage advice
for your little sis?
I'm just saying. I want you to have
everything that you want.
Everything that you dream of.
just like I have with Mel.
Just gotta figure out what that is.
Mike! Hey!
- Can we chat?
- You look like crap.
Yeah. well. I haven't really slept.
Lark. she cleared me out.
Took every cent I had and skipped town.
You should call your bank.
Yeah. I did. but they said because
she used my login to transfer the money.
insurance won't cover it.
Said to file a police report.
By the time you guys find her.
the money will be long gone. Look…
I could really use your help.
Calvin's dead. Charmaine's missing.
I'm a little busy right now.
so your money is your problem. okay?
Come on. can't you do me a favor?
I'm not lifting a finger for you.
Actually. that's a lie.
That's for sleeping with Brie.
Marley. I know that you are going
to find the right parents for your baby.
Yeah. I hope you're right.
I'm so sorry
about coming to your house like that.
- It was crazy.
- No. no. no. it was not crazy. It was--
- A little crazy.
- No. it was completely understandable.
Phil and Darla have put you
in an impossible situation.
Yeah. I'm a mess.
I just want to find a good home for him.
I know. I know you do.
And. look. I am sure that there are
a lot of prospective parents
who are open to last-minute situations.
I know. It just…
It won't be in Virgin River.
Well. you don't… you don't know that.
Regardless. you're…
you're gonna have good options.
I'm just not sure I can trust myself
to pick the right ones.
My taste in adoptive parents
is almost as bad as my taste in men.
Look. don't beat yourself up. okay?
You are only 22 years old.
Seriously. I feel like
dating the wrong men
is just. like. a part of growing up.
When I was your age.
I dated a saxophonist in a ska band.
- Oh! Okay! Mmm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Then I fell in love
with this arrogant doctor
while I was in Malaysia
doing Nurses Beyond Borders.
I mean. this guy was…
He was a piece of work.
But he was the reason I became a midwife.
I just think sometimes
when you're on the wrong path.
it leads you
to where you're supposed to be.
You're very wise. Mel.
Oh. please.
And since you are. do you think you could
look at parent profiles with me later?
Just as a second set of eyes?
I would be honored.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
So do you think
you're gonna stay with Phil and Darla?
- No!
- Okay.
- Uh. they are putting me up at the B&B.
I do feel a little guilty 'cause money was
one of the things they were fighting over.
You know what? Actually. I think I might
have a place you can stay rent-free.
Hey. Roland!
Easy. buddy. Hey. Roland.
what the hell do you think you're doing?
Calling in a favor.
Well. I didn't know I owed you any.
After what you pulled with Sugar?
You owe me several.
Look.
if you want your gas money back…
Nah. Look. I got a couple
of new thoroughbreds.
I don't have room for these old horses.
I didn't want to euthanize them.
and you got land out here for days.
You know. you could do a lot with it.
Are you serious? Roland. I don't
even know what I'm doing with Sugar here.
Tell you what. why don't you sleep on it?
You decide you still don't want 'em
in the morning. give me a call.
I'll swing by with my shotgun.
Oh!
Well. I gotta say. Mel and Jack's wedding
was more fun than I had expected.
Especially that photo booth.
What happened in that photo booth
stays in that photo booth.
Yes. unless I somehow happen
to get a small strip of pictures of it.
Ooh!
You did not.
I did not. but I do have
a lot of mental images.
So. I guess we just seat ourselves?
Hey. folks. take a seat wherever you like.
I'll be right with you.
So. you gotta work tonight?
I doubt it.
Kind of a slow start to fire season.
Which. as a private citizen.
I am very grateful for.
but as a firefighter.
I am getting stir-crazy.
- Mmm.
- Without a fire to fight. who am I?
I don't know!
Sexy pool shark?
Oh! I'll take it.
Uh. excuse me.
I don't see your buttermilk pork chop
on the menu.
That's 'cause that dish
was never on the menu.
Seriously? We drove all the way
from Arcata to try it.
Yeah. um. and according
to Food & Wine magazine.
it's the best pork chop in the state.
Food & Wine!
John. this is huge.
Why didn't you tell me?
I… I didn't know. Otherwise.
I would have added it to the menu.
How did this happen?
My friend Jamie. she… she writes for them.
And she stopped in.
so I had her taste-test some dishes
for the rehearsal dinner.
As much as I love
hearing the article's origin story.
we're starving.
Hey. listen.
seeing as you drove all this way.
why don't I whip you up
something special? Yeah?
Yeah? And drinks are on the house.
I do love a White Claw.
I bet you do.
Hey. Hannah. would you mind
helping out these. uh. nice folks?
- Yeah!
- Yeah. Okay.
Hey.
We need to celebrate!
I'm gonna do something special for you.
- Oh no. you don't have to do that.
- Well. I know.
It wouldn't be very special
if I had to do it.
Now get in that kitchen.
You've got work to do. chef.
You.
Hey. babe. I'm not sure what you're up to.
but I just wanted to let you know
that I told my patient
I will not be adopting… her baby.
I did. however. offer her the Airstream.
I hope that's okay with you.
Uh. anyway. I'll talk to you later.
Love you. Bye.
Hi. there!
Do you typically consider
adopting your patients' babies?
You know what?
I find that working in rural medicine.
there's really no such thing as typical.
Uh. anyway. I'm Mel.
What brings you to the clinic today?
The state medical board.
My name is Victoria Ellis.
Oh.
I was hired
to conduct a formal investigation
into the case against Dr. Vernon Mullins.
I take it you're his nurse.
Melinda Monroe?
Uh. yeah. Uh. Sheridan.
I'm going to need interviews
with clinic staff
as well as anyone involved in the incident
as part of my report.
which will help the board determine
whether they take this complaint to trial.
- Right.
- Oh. everyone'll be happy to talk to you.
Including Henry. and Henry's son Cody.
who was there
the day I saved his father's life.
And we have
absolutely nothing to hide from you.
And I'm Dr. Vernon Mullins.
I don't do handshakes. Nothing personal.
I'm a germophobe.
Odd line of work you picked then. huh?
I didn't pick the medical field.
I was a detective. I got shot.
I wanted to keep investigating.
but reduce my risk of getting shot.
Do you have a private office
I could use to conduct interviews?
- I have the only private office.
- Perfect. You won't have use for it.
Now. wait. just because I can't practice
medicine doesn't mean that I won't be--
Cooperative. right?
Because we do need
to get you back to practicing.
- Yes.
- Yes. we do.
- Great. Then it's settled.
- I'll show you the way.
- Thank you.
Whoa! What happened to you?
- Mike found out I slept with Brie.
- Ah! Could have been worse. then.
Oh. it is.
Lark stole all my money. disappeared.
and now I'm on my own to get it back.
Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
- I think I need some ice.
- Good idea.
Hey! What's not a good idea. though.
is trying to find Lark
and enact some kind of vigilante justice.
I don't care about justice.
and I don't care about Lark.
I just want my money back.
Any idea where she is?
No.
No. but I think I might know
someone who does.
Wait…
Promise me you won't do anything stupid!
Me? Never.
Oh. I love you.
Oh!
Aloha.
What is this?
This is my way of saying
thank you for letting Marley move in.
But it's not your way of trying
to convince me to go to Hawaii. clearly.
Oh. it is also my way
of convincing you to go to Hawaii.
Subtle.
A virgin mai tai for my mister.
Oh! Thank you. missus.
- Cheers.
You know. I was thinking about it.
and actually I think it might be a win-win
to have Marley on the farm.
We'll have someone
to keep an eye on all our horses.
Horses?
I'm sorry. did Sugar multiply? Or…
Well. Roland came by today
and gifted us two old horses.
Well. he said it was either our place
or the proverbial glue factory. so…
You are such a pushover.
- I'm a pushover?
- Uh-huh.
You're the one that said no
to adopting Marley's baby
and ended up adopting Marley!
At least Marley can take care of herself.
You barely know how to take care of
one horse. let alone three.
I just figure I'll repeat
whatever I did with Sugar two more times.
It's just math. right?
Or. I don't know. maybe you could
find them a home somewhere.
On a working ranch or a farm.
That could take a while.
Okay. fine.
Fine. but maybe in the meantime.
when you're figuring that out.
you can get some help.
Yeah.
Yeah. we're definitely gonna
need someone to keep an eye on the place
when we're in Italy.
Now. I think that you meant Hawaii.
Honey. Hawaii. obviously.
Obviously Hawaii.
But is it. though?
Yes.
Oh…
Che… bella donna.
What are you doing?
Telling you you're beautiful
in the language of love.
- Oh!
- Italian.
Okay. then keep going.
- Vino.
- Mmm!
Mangia.
Ferrari.
- No?
- What?
I think you should probably
quit while you're ahead.
Oh. wait. am I ahead?
No. you're not.
Mmm.
Not sure
if now's the time for spring cleaning.
I'm looking for the town charter!
I want to see
if there's something in there
that can keep Grace Valley
out of our town.
- It's worth a shot.
- Here. take that.
This.
- What is it?
- My father.
Relax. he won't pop out.
He's dead. not a genie.
I knew that.
- Ah. here it is.
- The town charter?
No. my mother. Catch.
Man. you're easy to spook.
I'm having trouble sleeping.
Baby's pressing on a nerve.
Well. she'll be here in three weeks.
and then you can get some sleep.
- It's not funny!
- It's a little funny.
Don't worry.
I'll help with the baby
while you're on "maternity leave."
Why do you keep air-quoting
maternity leave?
Because we'll be in the same house.
so you scratch my back…
Once this baby comes. the only person
getting their back scratched is me.
So. is there anything in there
that we can use?
It's been so long since I read it.
I doubt there's anything explicit.
Part of the reason they formed this town
was to support local business.
because once you let a corporation in.
it's a slippery slope.
Okay. Looks like most of my power
is over sewage and zoning.
Glamorous thing. public service.
Glamorous or not…
it'd be hard for Grace Valley
to open a clinic without signs or toilets.
Yes. it would. Lizzie.
Set an emergency meeting
of the town council.
We are going to get creative
and get this thing done.
- Hey.
Ooh. I am gonna miss that coffee.
Oh. come on. now.
Your coffee isn't that bad.
Oh. my coffee isn't even coffee.
It's just scalding bean water
compared to yours.
So. how was. uh…
How was your meeting with Miss Victoria?
Oh. well. she tried to play bad cop.
And little did she know that I was
interrogated on an episode of NYPD Blue.
so I handled it.
Ah.
She's just in there now
with Cody and Henry.
Well. thanks.
I know you haven't
worked here very long. but I…
I can't imagine this place without you.
Well. you won't have
to imagine that for long.
because I'm gonna be back
before you know it.
Maybe even sooner
if my white blood cell count stays high.
Mmm.
I just cannot imagine
sitting around doing absolutely nothing.
Oh. that makes two of us.
And you're in good hands with Walt.
He can be a… big help to you.
Well. I still have to tell him.
Well. he's gonna find out sooner or later.
My money is on sooner.
Yes. I know. It's just…
enough of the people I care about
are already looking at me
with these sad eyes.
and I'm not ready
to see those eyes from him.
Well. I cannot imagine
any man looking at you
and feeling sad.
Hey. Frank.
Brady! Hey. man. what's up?
- Hey.
- You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Uh. I'm here 'cause Lark split town.
You know where she went?
No idea.
I thought you two were close.
We are.
but she doesn't tell me everything.
She never mentioned nothing
about leaving town?
Not that I remember.
Hey. didn't you say
that you play cards with her mom?
I do. but Norma doesn't talk about Lark.
She just gets drunk and rambles.
Last week. she was so sauced.
she spent an hour telling a story
about how Mitch Williams cost the Phillies
the pennant in like '93--
Okay. all right. All right.
- So you're saying she likes to talk?
- Yeah.
Huh.
Hey! What's up?
Uh. you being written up
in a major magazine is what's up.
Food & Wine!
Come on. that's huge!
Proud of you. brother.
I'm happy to support you however I can.
Aw. thanks. man. For starters.
don't give me a hard time
for handing out free drinks tonight.
Well. why are we doing that?
You know. pork chops.
they take a while to cook.
and we're still getting the hang
of the other new menu items.
- What new menu items?
- She said no!
Hey!
Hey! Hey! Whoa!
- Knock it off! Hey! Hey!
- Hey. hey. hey! Hey!
Hey. hey. hey! No fighting in my bar!
- No. man.
- Mind your own damn business!
Hey. man. She asked him
to leave her alone. He wouldn't listen.
- All right. out of here!
- This is ridiculous!
I didn't come
all the way out here for this!
All right. show's over. folks.
Hey. let me help you.
It's the least I can do.
Sounds like you were defending
a woman's honor. Nothing wrong with that.
You new in town?
I haven't seen you around.
Yeah. I'm Clay.
- Jack.
- Hey. man.
I swear. I never came in here
to start a fight.
I actually came here to look for a job.
- Oh yeah?
- Mmm-hmm.
- You got any restaurant experience?
- Yeah. I eat in them all the time.
No. I've never worked in one.
But. I mean. I got two good hands.
I'm a quick learner.
and I'll do whatever you need me to do.
What kind of work do you normally do?
I spend most of my time
on the rodeo circuit.
Ah. so you know about horses.
I know them better than I know people.
Yeah. I might have just the thing.
All right. I appreciate it.
- Hey. there.
- Hi!
- Hey.
- I made dinner.
Oh!
- How was your day?
- Well…
I'll tell you. I was not expecting
such an expedient investigation.
Nobody expected the Spanish Inquisition.
Mmm. Don't forget. Spain lost.
and so will Grace Valley.
Just like Spain. that corporate hospital
is hiding behind a philanthropic ideology.
But all they care about is
claiming territory so they can make money.
which means if I make it impossible
for them to do that…
You could do that?
With some creative new zoning laws.
making it prohibitive for franchises
and other corporations to open in town.
Just need the town council's approval.
Well. I will bet they listen to you
if they know what's good for them.
It's us against the world. Vernon.
Always has been. Always will be.
Yeah.
Denny and Lizzie are out.
Ooh.
Madam Mayor. are you seducing me?
Not yet.
But I'm about to.
Ooh!
Mmm! That smells good.
- Hawaiian Kona coffee.
- Ooh!
- For me?
- It's the best in the world.
It's complex and nutty.
Mmm-hmm?
You're complex and nutty if you think
that's better than Italian espresso.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
Since when do you drink Italian espresso?
I drink Italian espresso all the time.
- This is ridiculous!
- What?
By the time we agree
on a honeymoon destination.
we're gonna be renewing our vows.
We don't have to agree.
- You're gonna give in.
- Oh yeah?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Oh. well. we shall see about that. sir.
Oh. we shall.
So. you see. we can limit the signage
and architecture used
to deter Grace Valley.
It's not foolproof. but the more
we can do to disincentivize them
from coming to town. the better.
Well. shall we. uh. take this to a vote?
That's a yes from Nick.
No. actually. I've got a question.
Won't these rules
keep all chains from coming to town?
Ideally. yes.
What about Jamba Juice?
There was a rumor that they were
looking to build a store around here.
I'm confused. Nick.
Are you suggesting we let the clinic die
so you can have a Jamba Juice?
I'm just suggesting that passing a law
to keep out all major corporations.
it feels like a bridge too far.
If you want a smoothie that bad. Nick.
I bet the bakery truck
could start making some.
It's not about Jamba Juice.
It's about the idea of Jamba Juice.
I think this town
could use a few more shops in it.
We could. but not those kinds of shops.
They don't belong here.
According to you!
Why do you get to decide what kind
of shops we have in Virgin River?
Because in case you've forgotten. Nick.
I regained my seat as mayor.
and I think locally-owned businesses
are better for my town.
Well. mayor or not.
it's our town.
I. for one. support Hope.
because we have to do
whatever we can to protect the clinic.
And we will!
Just not like this.
All opposed?
The nays have it.
Sorry. Hope.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Hi.
- You must be Clay. right?
- Yeah.
- Hi.
- Hey. nice to meet you. ma'am.
Uh. nice to meet you. Mel's fine.
- Hey.
- Um. hey.
So did you get Marley set up
in the Airstream?
Yeah. sure did.
Clay got all her stuff loaded in.
- Thank you.
- Not a problem.
- You want to put them in the barn?
- Yeah. sure.
Cheers.
- Nice to meet you.
- You too.
Thanks.
So. what. you finished
at the clinic already?
No. I just came home for lunch.
I'm gonna help Marley go through
some profiles the agency sent over.
But I am all yours for dinner.
Ooh. careful how you say that.
Oh. really?
I was actually planning
on cooking tonight.
Oh. something Italian. I'm assuming.
because you are relentless.
You told me to convince you!
Right. okay. but when I said that. I…
What I really meant was like.
you know. "try" to convince me.
but then fail admirably
and do whatever I want
because you love me so much.
Oh. you never would have
married a failure.
Oh…
Well. they all look like
really nice couples.
Yeah.
well. so did Phil and Darla.
Ah. you know. I…
I think that was just a fluke.
- Yeah?
- I really do. I…
Most couples that go into adoption are…
You know. they're… they're solid.
Like you and Jack.
We're not perfect.
Nobody that you choose will be.
That's not what I thought of you
when Phil and Darla backed out. you know?
I didn't think that you were this perfect
person living in this perfect town.
Well…
I mean. I panicked.
for sure. and I was rash.
but in the middle of that panic.
this image of you in the rock slide
popped into my head.
It was just this little moment.
but when you looked me in the eyes
and told me everything was gonna be okay…
I believed you.
Okay.
Mel!
Mel. she's hemorrhaging.
We need to get this baby delivered.
No. I know.
but she won't push anymore. Eli.
- She's terrified! I don't--
- It's okay.
Listen. I want you to look into her eyes
and make her believe she's gonna be okay.
Is she gonna be okay?
She will be if you make her believe it.
I know you can do this.
Take a deep breath.
Yeah. Good.
- It's gonna be okay.
- Okay.
Be strong for her.
- Here. let me help you sit up.
Hey. Hey.
It's okay.
You're okay.
Thank you for saying that.
- Hey.
Can I come in?
Yeah. of course.
Uh…
How are you?
Um. I don't know.
Between Calvin's murder investigation.
Charmaine's missing persons case.
and my girlfriend
leaving me hanging on my
marriage proposal. yeah. it's been better.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I…
just needed to think.
Uh-huh. Do you want to… at least tell me
what you've been thinking about?
I've just been thinking about.
you know. how realistic it is
for either of us to move past this.
- Like. I know you said you can.
- Yeah. and… hey…
I meant it. okay?
I love you. and the only thing
that you need to think about
is if you love me enough to commit to us.
And we can…
we can have a beautiful life together.
I know.
I know. It would be a… dream.
- But…
- But you don't want the dream.
Or you don't want it with me.
All right. don't…
don't…
Don't do that. please.
Don't make this about Brady.
It is always about Brady.
The night of my promotion.
it was about Brady.
What are you talking about?
Are you kidding me?
I could sense the tension between you two.
and then you randomly asked me to move in.
Is that how you knew?
- You must think I'm some kind of idiot.
- I swear. Mike. this is not about him.
Then why. huh?
Why are you blowing this up?
Because no matter
how hard I try.
and no matter how much
I do want to be with you.
for some reason. I just can't get there
with my whole heart.
and I don't know how to tell you
that I never will.
You just did.
- Mike…
- We're done.
I'm not so sure about this. Brady.
I have a terrible poker face.
Come on. Frank.
Aren't you taking me to a poker game?
- Hey. everybody.
- Who's the looker. Frank?
Uh. this is my friend…
Brian… uh. from Barstow.
Uh. he's in town for a few days.
and he's looking to have some fun.
I. uh. I hope it's okay.
I brought my friend Jim with me.
Pour me a shot. She'll deal you in.
My pleasure.
What did that burger do to you?
Lay off. I'm eating for two.
So. has Nick always been
such a huge pain in the butt?
He used to be worse.
I don't know how
Jo Ellen tolerates that man.
Well. you might not
be able to change his mind. but…
if we stay at it. you might be able
to swing enough votes to overrule him.
Mmm.
Cody. your order might be ready.
I'll go check.
Hi. Cody.
Hey.
I'm so glad your dad's on the mend.
Uh. Dr. Mullins and I really appreciate
you going to bat for him
with that awful investigator.
Oh. um…
She's just trying to make sure
people follow the rules.
Which is exactly what Dr. Mullins did.
Yeah. well. I don't know.
I guess it seems pretty crazy
for Doc's license to get suspended
if he didn't do anything wrong.
But you were there. in the room.
Well. I wanted to be.
but Doc told me to leave.
so I have no idea.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I'm grateful Doc saved my dad's life. but…
maybe he got lucky.
If he hadn't been.
who knows what could've happened.
Here you go.
Thank you. Sorry. Mayor. I gotta go.
Yeah. bye.
Hannah. how many pork chops
are you able to brine?
Two dozen. chef.
- Oh…
- Hey. whoa.
Whoa. you okay?
Yeah. I just have PTSD.
Pork Traumatic Stress Disorder
from the rehearsal dinner.
- I'll survive!
- Well. good to know.
Hey. do you. uh…
Hey. you.
Where are you?
Oh. I'm still at the bar.
I thought you were gonna come home
between lunch and dinner service.
Yeah. I was planning to.
but these pork chops are proving to be
a very complicated addition to the menu.
Uh. okay.
Um. I guess I'll see you later. then?
You know. I. uh… No. I wouldn't wait up.
We got a lot of pork to prep for tomorrow.
but I will see you
first thing in the morning
with a hot cup of café de olla.
Love you.
- Here's your spritz.
- Oh. thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Hmm.
You know. some call that
the mai tai of Italy.
Oh my gosh. Well. it's delicious.
Oh. good. I got another surprise for you.
Better not be a Fiat.
It's not.
Ah-ah-ah!
Oh my goodness!
- Is that a Hawaiian pizza?
- I don't know.
I'm not even sure this is actually pizza.
whatever I've made here. but…
It looks like pizza.
- You know what it is?
- Hmm.
It's a gesture of compromise.
So. are you saying
we can go to both places?
- Ha-ha-ha!
- Hmm?
All I'm saying is. it doesn't matter to me
where we go. because every day with you…
will be a honeymoon.
Aww.
That's very sweet.
Well…
Um. but we might want to postpone that
for maybe a little bit longer.
Uh. okay.
- Why?
- I was thinking
that maybe we should reconsider
adopting Marley's baby.
Okay! Well…
what made you change your mind?
Well. uh. she was…
telling me that at the rock slide. she…
she saw this strength in me.
even when I don't know what's coming next.
That's a quality that she wants
in the mother of her child.
And it just…
It really meant a lot to me because it's…
it's the part of myself
that I'm the most proud of.
You know. it's one of the reasons
I fell in love with you.
Oh.
It sounds like she's thought this through.
- Yeah. That's what I thought too. yeah.
- Right?
So. what do you think?
I mean. we both agreed
that the right baby would find us. right?
Mmm-hmm.
So I don't want to turn our back on that
just 'cause having a baby right now isn't…
part of the plan.
I know.
I know! I think I was just…
I was being protective. and…
But it does feel really good
knowing that it's coming now.
I mean. it's like almost
too good to be true.
Hey…
I think we're due for a blessing.
Yeah. We are.
I think we should do it.
'Kay.
Wow. I am sorry. man.
I cannot believe Brady.
She said that her turning me down
wasn't about him.
Which kinda made it worse.
You gonna be all right?
It feels like a lot
with Charmaine and her twins missing.
and with all of this.
The case is keeping my mind busy.
which isn't such a bad thing.
Charmaine. she must be terrified.
I have seen firsthand how one bad man
can send a woman's whole life sideways.
If she did do it.
it had to have been self-defense.
Yeah. but why would she run?
Maybe she got spooked.
Or someone spooked her.
A lot of people wanted Calvin dead.
But at her house?
Who would do that?
And why?
Hey. Jack.
No. I'm not busy. Just grazing the horses.
Mmm-hmm.
Yeah. I'll get right on it.
- Good morning.
- Hi. baby.
Hey. I didn't want to wake you
last night 'cause. uh…
Denny and I stayed late
at the clinic studying for the MCAT.
- Mmm.
- So. how did the town council go?
It… went.
Um. I still have some work to do
to get enough votes
to pass my zoning ordinance. but Lizzie
and I are confident we'll get it done.
Well. seems like maybe the investigation's
turning in our direction too.
- Yeah. about that--
- I'm sorry to interrupt.
Please. by all means. interrupt.
Okay! Well…
I'm in labor!
- Labor?
- You're in labor?
- What do you mean you're in labor?
- I'm having a baby!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm